= Development Environment =

To use this description install

 * [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_XP Windows XP Professional 32 Bit Service pack 3]. You must obtain a licence for this software.
 * [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_Development_Kit Java SE 6 Update 30 JDK]. It is available from the [http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html Oracle Java SE Downloads] page.
 * Eclipse Classic 3.7.1 (labeled '[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eclipse_(software)#Releases Indigo]') available from the [http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/?osType=win32 Eclipse Downloads] page. At the time of this writing this revision [http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/download.php?file=/eclipse/downloads/drops/R-3.7.1-201109091335/eclipse-SDK-3.7.1-win32.zip R-3.7.1-201109091335 available through this link] *Note:* While TextBE requires numerous Modeling plugins to build, the *Eclipse Modeling Tools* version on the Indigo downloads page is still based on version 3.6 'Helios' of Eclipse. As a result, we need to assemble the required features by hand.

= Installing software into eclipse =

Procedure for [http://help.eclipse.org/indigo/topic/org.eclipse.platform.doc.user/tasks/tasks-124.htm?resultof=%22%69%6e%73%74%61%6c%6c%22%20%22%69%6e%73%74%61%6c%22%20%22%6e%65%77%22%20%22%73%6f%66%74%77%61%72%65%22%20%22%73%6f%66%74%77%61%72%22%20 installing new software] in Indigo.

= Project Access / Version Control =

Install [http://subclipse.tigris.org/ Subclipse] from the
[http://subclipse.tigris.org/update_1.8.x Subclipse 1.8.x release update site]

*Note:* In order to connect to source code as a contributor, you need to use 
'xyz@google.com' (replace 'xyz' by your uid) as your SVN user name, but you need a *different* password. Look at the following procedure that shows you 
[http://code.google.com/p/support/wiki/SubversionFAQ#Where_do_I_get_a_password_for_committing_to_Subversion? where to get your subversion access password].

== Code ==

[http://textbe.googlecode.com/svn/trunk TextBe Repository Trunk (SVN)]

== Wiki (Optional) ==

You can edit the [http://code.google.com/p/textbe/w/list TextBE wiki online]. If you want to edit it offline, you can check it using the [https://textbe.googlecode.com/svn TextBe Wiki Trunk (SVN)].

Use this procedure [http://code.google.com/p/heekscad/wiki/HowtoAddImagesToWiki to add images to the wiki].

The wiki content is written in a subset of the [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MoinMoin MoinMoin] syntax documented on the [http://code.google.com/p/support/wiki/WikiSyntax Google Code Wiki Syntax page ]. To have some support with editing the content, install Mylyn Wikitext and the  
[http://update-site.moinmoinwikitext.googlecode.com/hg/ Moinmoin Wikitext integration] for Eclipse from the [http://update-site.moinmoinwikitext.googlecode.com/hg/ Moinmoin Wikitext integration download site]
 
== Issues (Optional)==

You can manage issues in the [http://code.google.com/p/textbe/issues/list TextBE online issues list]. If you want to edit them in Eclipse, install Mylyn, followed by the [http://code.google.com/p/googlecode-mylyn-connector/ Mylyn Google Code Connector] installable from the  [http://knittig.de/googlecode-mylyn-connector/update/ Google code mylyn connector update site].

*Note:* This connector uses your google account uid and password.